hi everybody my name is Chris Strickland
product manager quantum PT here it's
2009 icast show in orlando florida i'm
going to show you some more new products
that we're offering off the 150 size
baitcast platform this is energy SS or
energy super speed again we're saying
that because we've got faster gear
ratios in this platform than your
standard 6.32 17.0 21 Wow for this in
six point six and seven point three
smokin gear ratios high inches per turn
hi ipt 6.6 offers 28 inches per turn 7.3
offers 34 inches per turn that's almost
a yard every time you turn the handle
these reels also feature a lot of new a
lot of new performance tune features acs
automatic three cast control system
you've got a hundred and eighty degrees
of cast control whether you're throwing
light bates heavy bates this real will
be able to help you to prevent backlash
and I say automatic because what's
inside the spool here is a cast control
system that has spool actuators on the
inside of the spool here and this
braking system will allow you to have
the brakes function when you need them
but if you don't really need them say
for a short pitch just you know cover
that's real close in proximity to you
you're going to have super free you
don't need brake weights or friction at
all now let's say fish your schooling up
about 50 yards away this rule will be
able to get you to it closely so you
make that cast and that's when your
break which are going to come into
effect under extreme rpm highest rpm the
actuators kick in and move that braking
system into the braking ring which is
when you're going to need that cast
control to work properly reduce backlash
so if the fish hits your bait as soon as
it hits the water you don't have to pick
the bait out you click the handle you
set the hook you get the fish in some of
the other things it's real features
Laird PT ceramic drag system combined
ceramic drags on with carbon fiber
stainless steel washers you get a very
smooth drag as well as locked down if
that's the case when you need
for maintenance purposes the streall
also features a capitalist one piece
grew on handle so if you need to get
into the gear side cover to clean re
lube you can do that by simply backing
off the handle just like so removing the
star drag and then taking off the spool
tension knob and then getting to them to
the insert internal components of the
gear side okay to put it back on all you
got to do is reattach the handle to the
threads turn clockwise and you can see
that it tightens back up now the great
thing about this system here is that as
you're winding you're always heightening
it's not going to back off and be loose
ever again these are some energy SS
available to tackle warehouse go there
get it you'll love it